# Experiment Session Notes

- **Mouse ID:** 796630
- **Date:** 2025-08-25
- **Experimenter:** @amshelton @jeromelecoq 
- **Rig / Setup ID:** SLAP2
- **Stimulus version:** [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/eb4f723e4dbb7725d0e0f65a45f615072f8b69d8/code/stimulus-control/src/Standard_oddball_slap2_version2.bonsai](https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/blob/8305c5f016eecdc8850950c042d0fbba916755f5/code/stimulus-control/src/Standard_oddball_slap2_version2.bonsai)
NOTE AGAIN (Forgot to commit): We fixed a bug in the oddball block to make sure standard orientation alternated. Not On github yet.
The code fix bug with camera file closure and fake initial pulses sent to SlAP. 
- - **Protocol followed:** Glutamate (Green fluorophore) imaging, 65 min experiment
- **Notes & Issues:**
    - Same experiment as last time. We record behavior videos (body, eye, face) with HARP timestamps aligned with the other events.
    - SLAP2 was ran with SLAP trials to avoid analysis pipeline issues (30 seconds each, longer than before). 
    - Screen is Gamma calibrated.
    - This design : https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/discussions/98
    - Orientation 1  : 60 trials
    - Oddball block 1 : Standard 0deg (1443 trials), 45 and 90 oddballs, omission (30 trials) shuffled, Oddball occurs on average every  11s
    - Orientation 2  : 33 trials
    - Oddball block 2 : Standard 0deg (1443 trials), 0 and 45 oddballs, omission (30 trials) shuffled, Oddball occurs on average every  11s
    - Orientation 3  : 33 trials
    - Nb Receptive fields : 10
      
    Mouse head fixed at 2:17PM
  
    Total Expected duration = 65 min

    Male mouse is labelled with 4E12 ExP32222-hSyn-Flex-iGluSnFR4.v9601.NGR + 2E12 pAAV.CAG.Flex.RCAMP3.WPRE.SV40 + 6E8 AAV9-CamKII0.4-Cre-SV40
    injected on 4/1/2025 in V1, DOB 01/21/2025
    We will image GluSNF4 with two photon. 

    Andrew circled few proximal dendrites and apical dendrites. Some miscommunication occured and we did not circle soma.
  
    DMD 1 is superficial  - 85um . DMD2 is deeper - 140um
    Experiment started at 3:00PM. We had a few false starts due to behavior cameras.
    Motion correction lost the lock at ~ 3:36pm but restored within ~10 seconds
    Andrew estimated probably 30s worth of data lost to motion artifacts in DMD2.
  
    Stimulus ended on time at around 4:05. Mice was removed from head fixation right away. No signs of stress. All 3 cameras flow recorded properly.
    We noted the camera data was stretched a bit vertically. THis could be caused by the file saving code. 
    
<!-- DISCUSSION_LINK_START -->
<div class="discussion-link">
    <hr>
    <p>
        <a href="https://github.com/allenneuraldynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/discussions/new?category=q-a&title=Discussion%3A%20experiments/allen_institute/slap2/allen_institute_796630_2025_08_25" target="_blank">
            💬 Start a discussion for this page on GitHub
        </a>
        <span class="note">(A GitHub account is required to create or participate in discussions)</span>
    </p>
</div>
<!-- DISCUSSION_LINK_END -->
