# Experiment Session Notes

- **Mouse ID:** 796630
- **Date:** 2025-08-28
- **Experimenter:** @seyedolmohadesin @jeromelecoq 
- **Rig / Setup ID:** SLAP2
- **Stimulus version:** https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/blob/d17241b1abd9c3f187c6edaac62491f724ace96e/code/stimulus-control/src/Standard_oddball_slap2_version2.bonsai
- - **Protocol followed:** Glutamate (Green fluorophore) imaging, 65 min experiment
- **Notes & Issues:**
    - Same experiment as last time. We record behavior videos (body, eye, face) with HARP timestamps aligned with the other events.
    - SLAP2 was ran with SLAP trials to avoid analysis pipeline issues (30 seconds each, longer than before). 
    - Screen is Gamma calibrated.
    - This design : https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/discussions/98
    - Orientation 1  : 60 trials
    - Oddball block 1 : Standard 0deg (1443 trials), 45 and 90 oddballs, omission (30 trials) shuffled, Oddball occurs on average every  11s
    - Orientation 2  : 33 trials
    - Oddball block 2 : Standard 0deg (1443 trials), 0 and 45 oddballs, omission (30 trials) shuffled, Oddball occurs on average every  11s
    - Orientation 3  : 33 trials
    - Nb Receptive fields : 10
      
    Mouse head fixed at 1:30PM
  
    Total Expected duration = 65 min

    Male mouse is labelled with 4E12 ExP32222-hSyn-Flex-iGluSnFR4.v9601.NGR + 2E12 pAAV.CAG.Flex.RCAMP3.WPRE.SV40 + 6E8 AAV9-CamKII0.4-Cre-SV40
    injected on 4/1/2025 in V1, DOB 01/21/2025
    We will image GluSNF4 with two photon. 

    Maedeh circled few proximal dendrites and apical dendrites as well as the soma to record RCAMP in red channel
  
    DMD 1 is deeper with soma  - 117um . DMD2 is superfical - 86um
    Motion correction is good. Some bleaching, especially in soma. Mouse is rather steady. 
    Experiment started at 2:26PM. 
  
    Stimulus ended on time at around 3:31. Mice was removed from head fixation right away after a stack was acquired. No signs of stress. All 3 cameras flow recorded properly.

<!-- DISCUSSION_LINK_START -->
<div class="discussion-link">
    <hr>
    <p>
        <a href="https://github.com/allenneuraldynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/discussions/new?category=q-a&title=Discussion%3A%20experiments/allen_institute/slap2/allen_institute_796630_2025_08_28" target="_blank">
            💬 Start a discussion for this page on GitHub
        </a>
        <span class="note">(A GitHub account is required to create or participate in discussions)</span>
    </p>
</div>
<!-- DISCUSSION_LINK_END -->
