# Experiment Session Notes

- **Mouse ID:** 803496
- **Date:** 2025-07-02
- **Experimenter:** @amshelton @jeromelecoq 
- **Rig / Setup ID:** SLAP2
- **Stimulus version:** https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/eb4f723e4dbb7725d0e0f65a45f615072f8b69d8/code/stimulus-control/src/Standard_oddball_slap2_version2.bonsai
NOTE: We fixed a bug in the oddball block to make sure standard orientation alternated. Not On github yet. 
- - **Protocol followed:** Glutamate (Green fluorophore) imaging + Calcium (Rcamp3 red fluorophore) imaging, 65 min experiment
- **Notes & Issues:**
    - Same experiment as last time. We record behavior videos (eye, face) with HARP timestamps aligned with the other events. Body camera was turned off as we are having file closing issues for all 3 cameras at the same time. We will fix later on. 
    - SLAP2 was ran with SLAP trials to avoid analysis pipeline issues (30 seconds each, longer than before). 
    - Screen is Gamma calibrated.
    - This design : https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/discussions/98
    - Orientation 1  : 60 trials
    - Oddball block 1 : Standard 0deg (1443 trials), 45 and 90 oddballs, omission (30 trials) shuffled, Oddball occurs on average every  11s
    - Orientation 2  : 33 trials
    - Oddball block 2 : Standard 0deg (1443 trials), 0 and 45 oddballs, omission (30 trials) shuffled, Oddball occurs on average every  11s
    - Orientation 3  : 33 trials
    - Nb Receptive fields : 10

    Total Expected duration = 65 min 
    - Mouse is labelled with GluSNF4 and Rcamp3 both with viruses injection. We will image GluSNF4 and RCamp3 both with two photon. Expression is rather sparse.
    - Those are labelling VIP cells now. This is excitatory inputs onto VIP. 
    - Andrew circled the soma, a few proximal dendrites and an apical dendrites. So this experiment should yield calcium (red) + synaptic inputs (green).
    - DMD 1 is superficial VIP cell. DMD2 is deeper VIP cell
    - Head fixation started at about 14:30
    - Some microscope software issues caused delays. 
    - We ended exactly on time at XX:XX
