# Experiment Session Notes

- **Mouse ID:** 801381
- **Date:** 2025-06-05
- **Experimenter:** @Seyedolmohadesin @jeromelecoq 
- **Rig / Setup ID:** SLAP2
- **Stimulus version:** https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/blob/2d33ef77ce2d7277fbaf42f7ee7922baa461b3ae/code/stimulus-control/src/Standard_oddball_slap2.bonsai
- - **Protocol followed:** Glutamate (Green fluorophore) + Calcium (Rcamp3 red fluorophore) imaging, 50 min experiment
- **Notes & Issues:**
    - Same experiment as last time. We record behavior videos (eye, face) with HARP timestamps aligned with the other events. Body camera was turned off as we are having file closing issues for all 3 cameras at the same time. We will fix later on. 
    - SLAP2 was ran in TRIAL mode, this means we now have a continuous recording, no more SLAP trials.
    - Screen is now Gamma calibrated. It was NOT before.
      
    - Baseline: 2405 -> NbBaselineGrating * (1 * (0.343+0.343)) -> 27.49 min
    - Mismatch: 40 -> NbMismatchPerCondition * 4 * (0.343+0.343)) -> 1.829 min of oddballs
    - Mismatch during orientation tuning: 40 -> 14.63 min
    - Receptive field: 10 -> NbReceptiveFieldRepeats * ((0.25) * 149) -> 6.2 min of RF
    
    Total Expected duration = 50.16 min 
    Oddball occurs on average every  11s

    - Head fixation started at XX:XX
 
  Mouse is labelled with GluSNF4 and Rcamp3 both with viruses injection. Injection is rather dense. with both color present. We will image GluSNF4 and RCamp3 both with two photon. Expression is rather dense, causing a little background signal. 
  
    - Experiment started at about XX:XX
Maedeh circled the soma, a few proximal dendrites and an apical dendrites. So this experiment should yield calcium (red) + synaptic inputs (green).
    - Apical dendrites is imaged in DMD1, Soma in DMD2, depth XXX um for soma. 
    - We ended on time at XX:XX

<!-- DISCUSSION_LINK_START -->
<div class="discussion-link">
    <hr>
    <p>
        <a href="https://github.com/allenneuraldynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/discussions/new?category=q-a&title=Discussion%3A%20experiments/allen_institute/slap2/allen_institute_801381_2025-06-05" target="_blank">
            💬 Start a discussion for this page on GitHub
        </a>
        <span class="note">(A GitHub account is required to create or participate in discussions)</span>
    </p>
</div>
<!-- DISCUSSION_LINK_END -->
