# Experiment Session Notes

- **Mouse ID:** 801381
- **Date:** 2025-05-29
- **Experimenter:** @Seyedolmohadesin @rcpeene @jeromelecoq Kaspar
- **Rig / Setup ID:** SLAP2
- **Stimulus version:** https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/blob/3338a178cba99f34894657dad7eaaf872bdbe896/code/stimulus-control/src/Standard_oddball_slap2.bonsai
- **Protocol followed:** Glutamate (Green fluorophore) + Calcium (Rcamp3 red fluorophore) imaging, 50 min experiment
- **Notes & Issues:**
    - Similar experiment as last time. This time we record behavior videos (eye, face) with HARP timestamps aligned with the other events. Body camera was turned off as we are having file closing issues for all 3 cameras at the same time. We will fix later on. 
    - SLAP2 was ran in CONTINUOUS mode, this means we now have a continuous recording, no more SLAP trials.
    - Screen is now Gamma calibrated. It was NOT before.
      
    - Baseline: 2405 -> NbBaselineGrating * (1 * (0.343+0.343)) -> 27.49 min
    - Mismatch: 40 -> NbMismatchPerCondition * 4 * (0.343+0.343)) -> 1.829 min of oddballs
    - Mismatch during orientation tuning: 40 -> 14.63 min
    - Receptive field: 10 -> NbReceptiveFieldRepeats * ((0.25) * 149) -> 6.2 min of RF
    
    Total Expected duration = 50.16 min 
    Oddball occurs on average every  11s

    - Head fixation started at 14:34
 
  Mouse is labelled with GluSNF4 and Rcamp3 both with viruses injection. Injection is rather dense. with both color present. We will image GluSNF4 and RCamp3 both with two photon. Expression is rather dense, causing a little background signal. 
  
    - Experiment started at about 15:42
Maedeh circuled the soma, a few proximal dendrites and an apical dendrites. So this experiment should yield calcium (red) + synaptic inputs (green).

 We had a false start of about a min. The stimulus started but SLAP2 somehow stopped recording after 30 s. We reinitialize the system and restarted.
Then bonsai had an issue with cameras so we immediately restarted the experiment again. On the third trial, we had some motion artifacts initially. Maedeh fine tuned the online motion correction algorithm initially. Mice was moving its mouth very quickly at the onset of the experiment probably causing those issues. The experiment stabilitized a few minutes in.

    - Apical dendrites is imaged in DMDXX.
    - Experiment went smoothly. We ended on time at XX:XX

    
