# Meeting Notes
- **Date:** 2025-06-24
- **Time:** 09:00 (PT)
- **Location:** [Teams Meeting](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_Y2Q3MDViNGMtOTIwMC00ZjMzLTk3MjMtYWU3MDhiMzZjYmM1%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2232669cd6-737f-4b39-8bdd-d6951120d3fc%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%229396d18b-b5cf-4bed-98a0-1cfb7dc82663%22%7d)
- **Presentations:** @lrudelt @Dedalus9
  
---

## Agenda

1. Stimulus statistics / Statistical power : Shared analysis by Lucas and Nicholas.
2. Continuation of discussion on stimulus design iteration for standard oddball : Jerome and everyone
   
## Meeting Recording

<div class="video-wrapper">
    <iframe width="100%" height="450" src="[https://www.youtube.com/embed/rgBHiqGCr5I](https://youtu.be/92xr5WwH7dg)" title="OpenScope Predictive Processing Meeting - June 17, 2025" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Meeting Notes

**Experimental Design Discussion:** Jerome initiated the meeting by discussing the experimental design for the upcoming experiments, focusing on the need to finalize decisions on the experimental design for slap two and its influence on future work.

**Statistical Analysis Presentation:** Lucas presented a detailed statistical analysis of the oddball contextual modulation, explaining the methodology and results of the analysis, including the depression observed during the oddball conditions.

**Challenges with Data Analysis:** Lucas highlighted challenges with the data analysis, specifically the issue of missing timestamps and the need for continuous data analysis pipeline, which Kaspar confirmed is being implemented.

**Discussion on Trial Numbers:** Lucas and Jerome discussed the importance of trial numbers in the experimental design, with Lucas suggesting that 30 trials might be sufficient for distinguishing population responses between conditions.

**Proposal for New Experimental Design:** Jerome proposed a new experimental design that includes fewer trials and removes certain stimuli to fit within the time budget, which Lucas agreed with but raised concerns about controlling for plasticity changes.

**Adaptation Analysis:** Karim suggested conducting a small number of trials to detect adaptation profiles for each ROI, which Lucas found interesting but raised concerns about the time required for such analysis.

**Warm-Up Block Suggestion:** Kaspar suggested implementing a warm-up block during the setup to habituate the animal, which Karim agreed with, to address the issue of transient adaptation at the onset of the experiment. 

**Next Steps:** Jerome concluded the meeting by proposing to create detailed slides of the new experimental design and continue the conversation on the forum, with Nicholas planning to present next week and include analysis of adaptation. 
