# Meeting Notes
- **Date:** 2025-04-21
- **Time:** 9:00 (PST)
- **Location:** Zoom: https://princeton.zoom.us/j/2662606495
- **Facilitator:** @jeromelecoq @IBussi @hbelski
  
---

## Agenda

1. Welcome and Introductions (if new attendees)
2. Jerome, Ivana, Hannah: Overview of the proposed framework for project tracking
    - Purpose and goals of the framework
    - Tools and resources available
    - How to contribute to project tracking
    - Collaboration policy
3. Open discussion on collaboration policy
4. Next Steps and Action Items

---

## Notes

**Website Presentation**

  - Jerome presented the GitHub website he created for the project. 

  - Emphasis on the importance of clear and transparent documentation throughout the process. 

  - Anyone with repository access will be able to edit and contribute to the content. 

**Project Resources Section**

  - Contains information about: 

      - Experiment setup and design 

      - People involved in each experiment 

  - _Templates_: A template is available for experiment notes. Everyone can use it to add files describing their experiments. 

  - _Meetings_: Includes agendas and notes from past meetings. 

**Data Access**

  - Sarah asked whether there‚Äôs a link to the data repository so people can access the raw data. 

  - Jerome has been analyzing data and uploaded it to Code Ocean. 

  - He will add a link on the website to the Code Ocean capsule, which includes both data and code. 

  - The current capsule uses SLAP2 data and performs stimulus analysis. 

**Hardware Details**

  - Jerome asked if this section would be useful for experiments in other labs. 

  - Concerns about hardware differences and the need to standardize data formats. 

  - Important to also include the hardware used by other labs so data users understand setup differences and how they may affect analysis. 

**Community and Collaboration Features** 

  - Every page on the website includes a discussion link, allowing for open conversation about processes and content. 

  - All contributors are encouraged to use the discussion threads to provide feedback or raise questions. 

**Project Management**

  - Hannah presented the Project Tracking tools

  - Discussion around how to effectively onboard new members into the project. Discussion around project policy. 

  - Concern raised about the creation of too many general or vague tickets (e.g., multiple tickets just labeled ‚Äúdata analysis‚Äù). 

**Structure**

  - Jerome proposed creating a  Steering Group with representatives from each lab to help resolve conflicts. 

  - Suggested shift from a lab-centric model to task-focused teams: 

  - Each task team would have a leader and sub-leaders to guide progress. 

  - As the project grows, this structure would be more sustainable than large all-hands meetings. 

**Project Phases**

1. Goal setting and experimental design 

2. Data collection 

3. Data analysis 

We‚Äôre now entering Phase 2, where documentation and tracking become even more critical. 

 
### Next Steps and Action Items 

  - Ensure access to data is clearly structured and supported by guidelines. 

  - Continue refining the organizational model to best fit the evolving needs of the project.

  - Create a poll to identify a better day for the meeting and reschedule accordingly.
    
  - Consider migrating the meeting to Microsoft Teams.

  - Karim said he would look and comment on the project policy document.

<!-- DISCUSSION_LINK_START -->
<div class="discussion-link">
    <hr>
    <p>
        <a href="https://github.com/allenneuraldynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/discussions/new?category=q-a&title=Discussion%3A%20meetings/2025-04-21" target="_blank">
            üí¨ Start a discussion for this page on GitHub
        </a>
        <span class="note">(A GitHub account is required to create or participate in discussions)</span>
    </p>
</div>
<!-- DISCUSSION_LINK_END -->
