# Meeting Notes
- **Date:** 2025-05-20
- **Time:** 09:00 (PT)
- **Location:** [Teams Meeting](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_Y2Q3MDViNGMtOTIwMC00ZjMzLTk3MjMtYWU3MDhiMzZjYmM1%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2232669cd6-737f-4b39-8bdd-d6951120d3fc%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%229396d18b-b5cf-4bed-98a0-1cfb7dc82663%22%7d)
- **Facilitator:** @jeromelecoq @rcpeene
  
---

## Agenda

1. Introduce experiments on SLAP2.
2. Introduce dendritic imaging data already available on DANDI:
      - Experimental design.
      - Proximal and apical dendritic imaging.
      - Stimulus table and associated code. 
      - Receptive Field analysis.
3. Discuss coordination of analysis of those datasets.

   
## Meeting Recording

<div class="video-wrapper">
    <iframe width="100%" height="450" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/uuS0bLNrex8" title="OpenScope Predictive Processing Meeting - May 20, 2025" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Notes
Experiment Context: The experiments were conducted in Kasper Podgoski's lab with Andrew, Maedeh and Michael Xie, using a single mouse and a standard oddball stimulus design. 1:34 

Data Collection: Three data sets were collected on the same mouse, with experiments involving a glutamate sensor in pyramidal cells in V1, focusing on synaptic activity. 1:59 

Experiment Details: The first experiment was a shorter session, while the subsequent two were longer sessions, with the third session including animal behavior videos. 4:07 

Stimulus Blocks: Carter mentioned four different stimulus blocking experiments: orientation tuning, oddball block, orientation tuning again, and receptive field mapping. 4:51 

NWB Files: Carter explained the NWB files on Dandi, including the content and metadata, and introduced a notebook for receptive field mapping analysis. 7:18 

Receptive Field Mapping: Carter demonstrated the receptive field mapping notebook, which generates receptive fields from NWB files and provides a good starting point for analysis. 9:07 

Synaptic Activity: Carter discussed the segmented synapses and fluorescence data, highlighting the importance of understanding the input patterns to individual cells. 13:38 

Analysis Groups: Jerome proposed forming three analysis groups focusing on receptive fields, orientation tuning, and oddball responses, with the intent to influence future experiments. 25:39 

Coordination: Participants agreed to coordinate analysis efforts through Slack channels and Google Colab notebooks, with a follow-up meeting in two weeks to discuss progress. 57:36 


### Next Steps and Action Items
  Next week’s meeting will focus on stimulus design, notably the duration oddball session

Action Items:

Analysis Coordination - Jerome to create sub-threads for analysis projects on the forum, including receptor field analysis, orientation tuning, and oddball block analysis. 31:59 

Oddball Analysis - Lucas to lead the analysis of oddball responses of synapses. Interested participants to contact Lucas for coordination. 31:16 

Spatial Information - Jerome and Kaspar to work on including spatial information and structural stack data in NWB files. 22:39 

Stimulus Design Discussion - Jerome to coordinate a discussion on stimulus design in the forum, addressing concerns and potential changes. 41:22 

Slack Channel Setup - Jerome to set up Slack channels for better coordination among participants. 55:50 

Notebook Sharing - Carter to share the receptor field notebook for initial analysis. Participants to use Google Colab for collaborative coding. 56:35 
